0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

It is the longest word in the provided dictionary, with a length of 45 characters.
Hence, why the constant LENGTH is defined at 45.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

It returns the resource-usage statistics of a process. It allows you to evaulate the run-time of your program.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

A variable of type struct rusage has 16 members.

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to
calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

Because before and after are both structs that contain multiple members (variables). Passing each
member by value would make the prototype declaration very long, verbose and difficult to understand.
Passing the whole struct by reference (just passing the pointers to each struct) is much more straightforward

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about
reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand
how that function’s for loop works.

Before starting the for loop, main opens up the selected text file in read mode using fopen.
fopen returns the pointer to the file stream.
The for loop functions to iterate over each character in the file stream (going char by char)
until EOF (end of file) is reached. This is accmplished with the fgetc() function.
Within the body of the for loop, we first check to make sure the current character is indeed
an alphabetical character using the isalpha() function. If so, it is added to an array called
'word' where we store each individual alphanumeric character. The fgetc function allows you to
iterate through a file stream because it takes in the 'next character' from the file stream.
So in the for loop, the fgetc function iterates through the 'fp' file stream char by char, returning
each char until it reaches EOF.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time
rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time?
Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
You decided to use fgetc and read each word's characters one at a time because you needed to filter
out non-alphanumeric characters like spaces, digites, carriage returns, and any punctuation. This needed to be done
on a character-by-character basis, which is what fgetc does.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const
(which means "constant")?
Declaring a char * as a 'const' (contstant) ascribes a 'read-only' implementation to the memory that the char * points
to. In other words, you cannot mutate or change the contents within that section of memory. I think that you implemented
this because you didn't want us to be able to change the value of the argument that waw passed in in any way.
